let my seat baby spec child school's out
all my people working on a five man
never mind that bullshit tell her this
swarm of people working nine-to-five
trying to make it trying to survive
never jealous of you get the guy you
never spray gotta get my this swarm of
people working nine-to-five trying to
make it trying to survive never jealous
a here the guy on straight gotta give me
yeah yeah oldest son my family Bob's
when I grew up it was just weeks nothing
on my mind but only the new gang tie my
shoelaces my kids would screw face well
I was the new bracelet half black half
portuguese like what what the fuck is
you supposed to be I was meet me played
a little ball bad jump shot I could drop
off my father kind of AZ stop and Tim
and my mama was working all the time had
to wake up in the morning to a basement
come fine we're at the babysitter's 5am
couldn't sleep couldn't wait till my day
begins after school I was back then
second job cleaning in office I was 8
shit was getting hard my parents
cardfight left into the hands of god if
i wanted anything i had to find a job
damn this swarm of people working 9 a-5
trying to make it trying to survive
never jealous of the other guy you never
sweated gotta get my this form of people
working nine-to-five trying to make it
trying to survive never jealous of the
other guy you never sweated gotta give
my year trouble 15 i'm working at Dairy
Dairy Queen yep that bitch clean who I'm
biggest tech was 31 45 and just before
the snow arrived I stack the team was
amazing to me I spent it all that when I
had an xbox live TV your computer where
I learned why all the traffic center see
on my website on the mic i recorded my
first rhyme depend out right which is
all mine I understood a dime who had
some will pick the ball the time it was
always on my mind but the hood got its
ways to taking young niggas and turning
them astray no life stress is trying to
hang on to my whole life like I lost a
lot of friends still trying to make your
brain I can only go up to a we're all
trying to make 20 G's off beats and CDs
and that's me bitch see you at the top
motherfucker this swarm of people
working 9 a-5 trying to make it trying
to survive will never jealous of the
other guy you never sweated gotta get
mine
this form of people working 9 a-5 trying
to make it trying to survive I never
jealous of the other guy you never
sweated gotta give my
you